---
layout: portfolio_entry
title: X3 Productions and Sonic Notify Partner to Take Beacons and Proximity Technology to a Magical Place at an Interactive Museum Exhibit
tags:
  - press release
---

Sonic Notify is proud to announce its latest platform experience in the live event space, showcased in X3 Productions’ latest exhibit entitled Indiana Jones™ and the Adventure of Archaeology, an interactive museum exhibit starting its official North American tour at the Fort Worth Museum of Science and History in Fort Worth, TX. The exhibit is the first of its kind to utilize proximity technologies, powered by Sonic Notify, to deliver content to smartphones and tablets in response to key in-exhibit locations.
X3 Productions is a producer of interactive exhibits in North America, with a diverse multidisciplinary team which specializes in pushing the envelope to create unique and educational exhibits, such as Indiana Jones™ and the Adventure of Archaeology (http://www.indianajonestheexhibition.com).
<br>
For Indiana Jones™ and the Adventure of Archaeology, X3 Productions endeavoured to build an immersive interactive guide such that visitors traversing the exhibit would automatically receive in-depth educational information in their hands precisely at the right moments. The interactive guide that X3 Productions created takes the simple audio guide to the next level and shows the future potential of what museum guides are capable of. In order to place a user in proximity to an area of the exhibit, or moment, with an interactive display of content, X3 Productions needed a technology partner who provided all of the robust software and hardware necessary to achieve such an effect seamlessly. After an exhaustive search, X3 Productions chose the Sonic Notify Enterprise Proximity Solution to integrate into their interactive guide system. Sonic Notify technology allows the guide to locate itself at specific locations within the exhibit and to sync to the content displayed on tablets in different parts of the physical exhibit.
<br>
Sonic Notify is the industry leader as a result of its three years experience, and with the industry’s most advanced solution, for in-store marketing to smartphones and tablets. The Sonic Notify Platform offerings include and consist of, Beacons, BLE triggering capability, Inaudible Audio Watermarking Technology, smartphone software compatibility for both Android and IOS, and a powerful Content Management System to manage the delivery of marketing messages to consumers smartphones while they are in aisle or at a precise location in venue. Since 2011, Sonic Notify is providing beacons and an enterprise marketing solution to partners and clients including top tier Retailers, Mall Operators, Sports, and Music Event partners, and has shipped over 14,000 beacons to date. However, Sonic Notify had not previously engaged in the Museum or Exhibit space, but was happy to find an expert partner in this broad vertical. “Our technology is not constrained to just Retail,” says company founder Alex Morgan Bell “and working on a interesting and educational project such as this showcases our proximity solution’s varied and dynamic capabilities and applications.”
<br>
About Sonic Notify Inc.
Sonic Notify Inc. is the leader in the hot new industry of proximity marketing to mobile devices. Sonic Notify provides an enterprise ready system of Beacons, SDKs, and powerful CMS for retailers to use to present marketing to consumers smartphones when they are in their store. In addition, the system’s analytics engine processes the massive amount of data reported by smartphones on consumers locations in store, interactions with products on shelf, and engagement with marketing messaging to allow retailers to refine their marketing messaging and in store experience. Sonic Notify has corporate offices in the flatiron neighborhood in NYC and has been delivering proximity marketing to smartphones since 2011 with over 14,000 beacons shipped to date.
