---
layout: portfolio_entry
title: User Privacy and Beacons - Responsible Proximity Marketing
tags:
  - press release
---

In the midst of great discussion about beacons and user privacy, today Signal360 announced the release of a White Paper co-authored with Tim Bukher, Internet Law and Privacy Expert, to address how enterprises should think about consumer privacy. In a world where companies are increasingly looking to market to and collect data from users in real time within physical spaces (a.k.a. “proximity marketing”), Signal360 draws upon its success and the success of its enterprise customers to detail best practice for the industry.
This paper briefly explains aspects of proximity technology as it differentiates from other location based technologies. It also details how and why collection of personal information should be used in proximity marketing to achieve marketing goals while avoiding reputation loss to the industry. To that end, the paper communicates a series of steps that all companies should integrate into their products and agreements to remain transparent with consumers.
To view full contents of the white paper, http://bit.ly/1t6XJTi

<br>
About Signal360
Signal360 is the leader in the proximity marketing industry and provides an enterprise ready platform of Beacons, SDK, and CMS to communicate with smartphones and mobile tablets in any state, with BLE turned on or off. In addition, the system’s analytics engine processes massive amounts of data reported by smartphones to allow companies to refine their marketing messaging and location experience. Signal360 has corporate offices in the Flatiron neighborhood in NYC and has been delivering proximity marketing to smartphones and tablets since 2011. For more information, visit http://www.Signal360.com.
