---
layout: portfolio_entry
title: Signal360 Secures Significant Capital to Accelerate Growth
tags:
  - press release
---
###Investment Comes from Both Current and New Investors

Signal360, the leader in Proximity Marketing, is pleased to announce that it has secured an additional round of funding enabling the company to expand operations to support rapid growth. The round was led by Austin based Capstar Partners (“Capstar”) and includes matching capital from long time investor, Raptor Ventures.
Signal360 has recently secured numerous contracts that make a powerful statement about the efficacy of the Signal360 platform. Having recently executed agreements with eight professional sports teams, Signal360’s success in the sports vertical is translating well into retail and hospitality. Recently, Signal360 has begun pilot programs in numerous hotels, restaurants, and traditional retail locations and anticipates near term deployment into one of the world’s top 10 retailers. As the standout pioneer and pacesetter in the industry, Signal360 continues to be sought after to partner with premier third party apps and developers. This round of funding supports acceleration across multiple verticals.
John Cullen, a Partner in Capstar, is “delighted to invest in this quickly emerging space. Signal360 is a clear market leader and we were attracted to the unique technology, specifically the patented audio feature allowing brands to interact with customers who have Bluetooth disabled on their phones and the complete CRM connection and business analytics.” This type of investment is not new to Capstar. “We have a solid history in media and technology and decided to make this strategic investment in what is bound to be a billion dollar industry.” Cullen will serve as Executive Chairman of the Signal360 board of directors.
Alex Bell, CEO and Founder of Signal360 notes, “our initial investors were instrumental in building the Signal360 foundation, and their continued support validates the significant traction we have made in the market. The injection of capital from new investors allows us to expedite growth and maintain our position with the best-in-class offering for our customers as well as benefit from new thought leadership in the retail technology space. In what has become a highly competitive landscape, this capital influx gives us significant runway to drive, whereas other providers are trying simply to survive.”
About Signal360
Signal360 is the leader in the proximity marketing industry and offers a complete proximity platform including hardware, integrated content creation, CRM connection, targeting, business analytics and more. The enterprise grade solution allows clients to identify who is in their space, how long they have been there, if they have been there before, & most important, to influence their customers’ decisions at a specific moment in time. Signal360 proprietary beacons reach over 90% of smartphones & tablets, in any state, using patented inaudible audio technology combined with Apple certified iBeacon capabilities for iOS and Bluetooth Low Energy capabilities for Android. Signal360 is the only company in the industry able to reach smartphones that have Bluetooth turned on or off. Signal360 has corporate offices in the Flatiron neighborhood in NYC and sales offices in Austin, Charlotte and Seattle, and has been delivering proximity marketing to smartphones and tablets since 2011.
For more information, visit http://www.signal360.com or contact; Lauren Cooley, lauren.cooley(at)signal360(dot)com.
About Capstar Partners
Capstar Partners, LLC is a private investment firm based in Austin, Texas. Capstar Partners participates in small and middle market buyouts, real estate development, and public investing. Since 2000, Capstar has invested in a broad range of industries including media and broadcasting, healthcare services, e-commerce, financial services and real estate. Select recent investments include DMX Music, which was sold to Mood Media in 2012, Andrew Harper, a high-end travel services company, Harden Healthcare, which was sold to Gentiva Health Services in 2013, CPO Commerce, which was sold to United Stationers in 2014, and Kendra Scott Design, a rapidly growing multi-channel jewelry company.
