---
layout: portfolio_entry
title: Signal360 Collaborates With Penguin Random House on Unique Proximity Enabled Communication for In-house Conference
tags:
  - press release
---
###Connectivity made possible by differentiated beacon technology and complete platform.

Signal360 partnered with Cornerstone – a company of the Random House Group LTD., one of the largest book publishers in the world – to enhance communication at an in-house sales conference, with 7 different companies in the network (over 1000 delegates) in attendance.
Signal360’s beacon technology, traditionally used in sports and retail projects, has delivered results for partners such as Golden State Warriors, University of Michigan and Italian clothing company, Ecods. Signal360 is continuously working to push the boundaries of beacon technology, and has provided service for numerous non-traditional projects including trade-shows, museums, and even Swedish House Mafia concerts.
Penguin Random House selected Signal360 because of the versatility of the Signal360 platform. Not only does the technology work for both iOS and Android, more importantly, the Signal360 solution provides an added level of communication through the unique audio signal, meaning that it can reach users who have Bluetooth turned off.
Signal360 was able to white-label the SignalX app for use at the Penguin Random House in-house conference. By working with Signal360, Penguin Random House received a complete end-to-end solution, without having to shop around for a hardware provider, app developer, and back-end management system. The primary use-case implemented was a follow-up to one of the presentations, in which notifications were sent on the attendee's mobile devices, via S360's BLE (via Apple’s iBeacon) + Audio beacons. Materials delivered included book samples on upcoming works and new-releases.
Alex Bell, Founder and CEO of Signal360 noted, “this is a phenomenal example of Signal360’s capabilities. Our solution is more than hardware or software. It’s a complete connection tool and we have all of the elements - from the app, when necessary, to the hardware and CMS, to drive campaigns. We are excited to work with Penguin Random House on this project and feel that it demonstrates our range of services.”
About Signal360
Signal360 is the leader in the proximity marketing industry and provides an enterprise ready platform of Beacons, SDK, and CMS to communicate with smartphones and tablets. In addition, the system’s analytics engine processes massive amounts of data reported by these devices to allow companies to refine their marketing messaging and location experiences. Signal360 has corporate offices in the Flatiron neighborhood in NYC and has been delivering proximity marketing to smartphones and tablets since 2011. For more information, visit http://www.Signal360.com.
About Penguin Random House
Cornerstone Publishing, part of The Random House Group Ltd, based in the UK. The Random House Group Ltd is a Penguin Random House Company.
Penguin Random House (http://global.penguinrandomhouse.com/) is the world’s most global trade book publisher. It was formed on July 1, 2013, upon the completion of an agreement between Bertelsmann and Pearson to merge their respective trade publishing companies, Random House and Penguin, with the parent companies owning 53% and 47%, respectively. Penguin Random House comprises the adult and children’s fiction and nonfiction print and digital trade book publishing businesses of Penguin and Random House in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Australia, New Zealand, India and South Africa, and Penguin’s trade publishing activity in Asia and Brazil; DK worldwide; and Penguin Random House Grupo Editorial’s Spanish-language companies in Spain, Mexico, Argentina, Uruguay, Colombia, and Chile. Penguin Random House employs more than 10,000 people globally across almost 250 editorially and creatively independent imprints and publishing houses that collectively publish more than 15,000 new titles annually. Its publishing lists include more than 70 Nobel Prize laureates and hundreds of the world’s most widely read authors.
