---
layout: portfolio_entry
title: Signal360 and PlayNetwork Partner to Evolve the Consumer Experience with Beacons
tags:
  - press release
---

###Leading Provider of Music and Entertainment Media Extends Capabilities with Proximity Marketing Solutions

New York, NY June 24, 2015- PlayNetwork today launched a strategic partnership with Signal360 to utilize beacons to engage consumers and innovate global brand experiences. The rollout is currently underway, actively implementing proximity-based solutions into brand marketing strategies worldwide.
“PlayNetwork’s new platform is driving personalized services, contextual targeting and greater loyalty through interactive services,” said Craig Hubbell, CEO of PlayNetwork. “Beacons and proximity-based solutions are a vital element to these solutions providing the right content at the right time. We are very excited about this partnership with Signal360. Their unique ability to deliver audio signal messaging, intelligent content management and target specific audiences is unprecedented, and a perfect complement to our technology.”
From creative strategy, music, global licensing, video, messaging, A/V systems and new technology, PlayNetwork creates and delivers branded entertainment media solutions to inspire consumer engagement. The addition of proximity marketing, powered by Signal360, enables brands to enhance the digital experience and in-store message with targeted and personalized communications within a location, such as in-aisle, lobby or other specified zones. The Signal360 platform easily integrates into a consumer’s existing CRM and frequency capping to ensure a positive user experience.
Alex Bell, CEO and Founder of Signal360, said, “This is a natural fit for our two companies. PlayNetwork is the worldwide leader of creating immersive experiences, the relationships they cultivate with their clients is unmatched. Being able to be a part of their offering is very exciting for Signal360,” said Bell “Not only are we able to trigger engagements through the PlayNetwork in-store audio player with our patented inaudible signal, but we can further that with ultra-focused activations using our beacons.”
“Proximity marketing augments the brand story while connecting the consumer to the experience, we consider it an intelligent tap on the shoulder when it matters most,” said Ben Teplitsky, VP of Strategic Partnerships at Signal360. “This is a groundbreaking partnership, the Signal360 platform combined with PlayNetwork’s leading brand architecture strategies will evolve the way brands captivate their customers.”
About Signal360
Signal360 is the leader in the proximity marketing industry and provides an enterprise ready platform of Beacons, SDK, and CMS to communicate with smartphones and tablets. In addition, the system’s analytics engine processes massive amounts of data reported by these devices to allow companies to refine their marketing messaging and location experiences. Signal360 beacons broadcast both standard Bluetooth Low Energy signals and proprietary, patented Audio signals that reach consumers even with Bluetooth turned off.
About PlayNetwork
PlayNetwork helps brands use music and entertainment media to enhance customer experience, in-store and beyond. These experiences add emotional interaction points that increase engagement and influence lifetime value. Clients engage PlayNetwork for custom music and media supervision, audio/visual systems engineering and installation, branded entertainment campaigns, technology and software development, global music and content licensing, original video and motion graphics, in-store and on-hold messaging, advertising networks, and more. They partner with over 400 brands across 100,000 locations in 110 countries, reaching more than 100 million people every day. For more information, visit http://www.playnetwork.com.
Contact: Nicole Rikkinen, VP Marketing, PlayNetwork, nrikkinen(at)playnetwork(dot)com, 425-629-1801
