---
layout: portfolio_entry
title: Signal360 Announces Expansion of Sales and Marketing Team
tags:
  - press release
---
###Signal360 hires powerhouse sales and marketing team to penetrate high-value retail & hospitality markets

Signal360, formerly known as Sonic Notify, is a pioneer & leader in proximity engagement. Since 2010, the company’s founder and CEO, Alex Bell has been focused on developing and refining a differentiated, turnkey, and best-in-class proximity platform for Fortune 500 clients. With an unmatched platform in place, Bell announces the hiring of a team of seasoned leaders, including Lauren Cooley, Sarah Purple, Ben Teplitsky and Ronda Jones, who have had significant success in selling media and marketing products and services into some of the largest retail and hospitality brands worldwide. Combining the expanded team’s experience with the existing Signal360’s team’s expertise in proximity marketing positions the company to be the undisputed leader in the space.
Lauren Cooley joins Signal360 as the EVP, Sales and Marketing. In this role, Cooley will be responsible for Signal360's strategic partner and affiliate relationships, as well as worldwide marketing, sales, and account management. With more than 15 years of success in media and technology related sales and sales management, Cooley has a track record of identifying and analyzing market opportunities and then quickly developing and executing a go to market strategy. Prior to joining Signal360, Lauren was EVP, Sales for Mood Media, where she was responsible for sales and account management. Cooley also led the integration of Sales teams after Mood acquired DMX, Muzak and Trusonic and was an integral part of the team that managed the successful DMX sale to Mood as well as the 2013 Mood Strategic Review Process. Cooley has served in senior-level sales executive and management roles at Entercom Communications, Clear Channel (now iHeartMedia) and Susquehanna Broadcasting.
“I am pleased to welcome Lauren to Signal360's executive management team,” said Alex Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Signal360. “Lauren has had significant success in developing, implementing and executing sales growth strategies. She knows what it takes to bring an organization to the next level and will bring that experience to Signal360's team. It’s the right time for this type of growth in our company. We have such a strong story to tell, the market is primed to hear it and this team has the right expertise to execute and exponentially grow the business.”
Having worked together at Mood Media, Cooley and the rest of the incoming leadership team were responsible for unprecedented customer retention and account development. “I am thrilled to join the Signal360 team and have the opportunity to work again with such strong leaders.” said Cooley. “The depth of understanding that the existing team has for the proximity space is unparalleled. Coupling that knowledge with the sales leadership team’s experience in marketing and sales to multi-national brands has already proven to be game changing. Our success will ultimately come down to three things- the best technology, the best people and the market being ready for the solution. These elements are all in place and this is truly an example of the whole being greater than the sum of its parts.”
Sarah Purple, VP Marketing and National Sales Strategy is a master of consultative selling. Purple is recognized in retail and hospitality industries for her ability to work with client cross-functional teams: from IT to marketing; operations to store design. She helps internal stakeholders develop a unified vantage point to evaluate both business and brand objectives. Ben Teplitsky, VP Strategic Accounts is an accomplished leader with an unparalleled ability to develop long lasting client relationships with a culture of accountability, loyalty, and rapport. Teplitsky brings an unique value to Signal360 with a focus on Strategic (Franchise) Sales channels, specializing in global hospitality brands. Rounding out the team, Ronda Jones provides the backbone of our marketing department. Her graphic design and execution skills will open many doors and surprise and delight the Signal360 customer base.
About Signal360
Signal360 is the leader in the proximity marketing industry and provides an enterprise ready platform of Beacons, SDK, and CMS to communicate with smartphones and tablets.  In addition, the system’s analytics engine processes massive amounts of data reported by these devices to allow companies to refine their marketing messaging and location experiences. Signal360 has corporate offices in the Flatiron neighborhood in NYC and has been delivering proximity marketing to smartphones and tablets since 2011. For more information, visit http://www.Signal360.com.
